Add Buffer debloating blog post (#524)
apache/flink-web: _posts/2022-04-05-buffer-debloat.md

---
layout: post
title: "Buffer debloating overview"
date: 2022-04-05 00:00:00
authors:
- akalashnikov:
  name: "Anton Kalashnikov"
excerpt: Apache Flink adjust buffer size automatically in order to keep a balance the high throughput and the memory usage  
---

## What is this article about?
One of the most important features of Flink is providing a streaming experience with maximum possible throughput.

> In other words, the main target to keep the operator always busy and avoid idleness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, the main target is to keep each operator busy and avoid idleness.
```
